Hi within this picture we're going to get the Zetas from the car data database in order to show them
to the table view that we have just created and in order to do that I'm going to go ahead and import
the core data in our list we view controller and under here I'm going to create a new function called
get data because we're going to be writing a lot of codes in here.
So it would be nice to have a separate function for that.
As usual I'm going to start by creating my app delegates variables so this will be app the.
OK.
This will drive from UI application that's shared that delegate and I'm going to first cast is as app
delegate and then I'm going to say let's context will be app delegate that persistence contain your
dad we have context.
OK.
And remember in order to get the data from the core data we have to create a request which will become
an S fetch request.
Okay field open parentheses it will ask us and entity name in which we will the right places.
And remember we have to do it as fact requests results in here as well.
So if I say request dot returns as false.
I have to make this false remember.
And then we can come over here and just patch the request by saying contexts that fetch and I had to
do it with a do try catch structure of course because remember why if we say context that fetch it throws
an error.
So if you say fetch as you can see this gives us an end as feature request result array and it throws
So we have to do two things we have to say led to results and assign this to be a variable so that we
can go into for loop with that results array.
And in here we have to say try with do try catch structure so do try catch if there is any error I'm
just going to print error.
Okay.
After that what are we going to do we're going to check to see if actually we have anything in that
results error.
So I'm going to say results that count is actually bigger than zero it means that we have something
in our array and if that's the case I'm going to go into the for loop not right now.
Results is an any area.
So I'm going to cast this as an end managed object Array.
Remember we have to do that.
We have to cast as as an illness managed object because that's how we get values out of the individual
results using Core Data features like we can just say result that value and it will ask us for a key
and if I say title for example it will give me the title value.
So remember we have stored this as a string.
Now we are getting this as any and we can just say cast is as a string and if that's the case we have
our variable back from the core data.
And the best way to do that is actually with a flat.
So if that title is a result that value as optional string then it means I have the title.
So let's do that for IDA as well.
So you floods ideas result that value for key ideas as you you idea rather than ideas.
Then I have my ideas as well and we don't have our idea array and name array so let's create those.
So I'm going to call this title array.
This will be a string of an array of strings actually and an idea array.
This will be an array of you you I.D. objects.
Right.
This will be initially empty.
And in here we're going to say self-taught title array that's append.
And I'm just going to say title and in here s DOD idea array that they're bent and I'm just going to
add I.D. once I refresh my title or a data and idea array data.
It means that I have to refresh my table view as well.
But remember we have to remove everything from these arrays before we go into the for loop in order
to prevent duplication of data just like we did in the previous section.
And after we're done we can just call table view dot reload data in order to make sure that does refresh
data gets reflected in the table view as well.
So a table view that reload data and here we're not going to return 10.
We're just going to return ty to Larry.
That's count.
And in here we're just not going to show test about tidal array index Pat that's row.
So this will display the title array content in the table view and we getting that content in the get
data.
So we have to call get data function in the we did load because we haven't called it yet.
So if we want it to be executed that we have to call this.
And here you go.
We have our Eiffel Tower data in the table view.
Let's try to add another one.
Let's go for Arch the Triumph right now.
Let me just zoom in a little bit so we can see it better.
OK.
If you have been to Paris this is kind of an arch representing the triumph of the French army.
So I'm going to go for Arch the Triumph OK and for the comments I will just say arch.
OK and I believe that's good.
So let me press here for three seconds.
And as you can see now we can see the notation.
And if I hit save then it shows success.
If I go back I won't see the record because we haven't implemented that feature yet.
So let me run this from the beginning and here you go.
We now see the records here.
So it means that we get to display what is on the card data database.
So let's stop here and within the next lecture let's overcome these problems that we already have in
our app.